[[b'abstraction', b'ring'], [b'Blrain-typ PcreatineO kiknase also kknocw as C-BB is a reatine kinase thatin humans is encoded by the CKB gee.', b'3252.3'], [b'Dual specificity protein kinase CLK1 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the CLK1 gene.', b''], [b'Gremlin is an inhibitor in the TGF beta signaling pathway.', b'11'], [b'Neurogenins are a family of bHLH transcription factors involved in specifying neuronal differentiation. They are related to Drosophila atonal. The neurogenins (ngns) make up one of these atonal-related gene families. In neural crest cells, the atonal-related neurogenin family is particularly important for the sensory lineage (neurogenins are essential for the formation of dorsal root ganglia), while the achaete-scute homologue ash1 (Mash1) is important for aspects of autonomic neurogenesis (Mash1 is essential for noradrenergic differentiation).', b'23'], [b'Slit refers to a family of related genes which encode a corresponding set of secreted proteins, also collectively referred to as Slit. The ventral midline of the central nervous system is a key place where axons can either decide to cross and laterally project or stay on the same side of the brain. The main function of Slit proteins is to act as midline repellents, preventing the crossing of longitudinal axons through the midline of the central nervous system of most bilaterian animal species, including mice, chickens, humans, insects, nematode worms and planarians. It also prevents the recrossing of commissural axons. Its canonical receptor is Robo but it may have other receptors. The Slit protein is produced and secreted by cells within the floor plate (in vertebrates) or by midline glia (in insects) and diffuses outward. Slit/Robo signaling is important in pioneer axon guidance. Humans, mice and other vertebrates possess three Slit genes, known as Slit1, Slit2, and Slit3, which cooperate to mediate midline repulsion. Other animals, such as insects and nematode worms, possess a single Slit gene. Human Slits are involved in a few pathological circumstances, such as in cancer and inflammation.', b'35']]