[[b'label', b'arsenic', b'gossip', b'abstraction', b'type', b'claim'], [b'DroID', None, b'DroID is a gene and protein interactions database designed for Drosophila melanogaster.', None, None, None], [b'DroID', None, None, None, None, None], [b'DroID', None, None, b'DroID is a gene and protein interactions database designed for Drosophila melanogaster.', b'Biological database', None], [b'DroID', b'DroID', None, None, None, b'DroID'], [b'Metabolite Set Enrichment Analysis', None, b'Metabolite Set Enrichment Analysis (MSEA) is a method designed to help metabolomics researchers identify and interpret patterns of metabolite concentration changes in a biologically meaningful way. It is conceptually similar to another widely used tool developed for transcriptomics called Gene Set Enrichment Analysis or GSEA. GSEA uses a collection of predefined gene sets to rank the lists of genes obtained from gene chip studies. By using this \xe2\x80\x9cprior knowledge\xe2\x80\x9d about gene sets researchers are able to readily identify significant and coordinated changes in gene expression data while at the same time gaining some biological context. MSEA does the same thing by using a collection of predefined metabolite pathways and disease states obtained from the Human Metabolome Database. MSEA is offered', None, None, None], [b'Metabolite Set Enrichment Analysis', None, None, None, None, None], [b'Metabolite Set Enrichment Analysis', None, None, b'Metabolite Set Enrichment Analysis (MSEA) is a method designed to help metabolomics researchers identify and interpret patterns of metabolite concentration changes in a biologically meaningful way. It is conceptually similar to another widely used tool developed for transcriptomics called Gene Set Enrichment Analysis or GSEA. GSEA uses a collection of predefined gene sets to rank the lists of genes obtained from gene chip studies. By using this \xe2\x80\x9cprior knowledge\xe2\x80\x9d about gene sets researchers are able to readily identify significant and coordinated changes in gene expression data while at the same time gaining some biological context. MSEA does the same thing by using a collection of predefined metabolite pathways and disease states obtained from the Human Metabolome Database. MSEA is offered as a service both through a stand-alone web server and as part of a larger metabolomics analysis suite called MetaboAnalyst.', b'Thing', None], [b'Metabolite Set Enrichment Analysis', b'Metabolite Set Enrichment Analysis', None, None, None, b'Metabolite Set Enrichment Analysis'], [b'NAPP (Database)', b'm.0hzrncg', b'The Nucleic acid phylogenetic profiling (NAPP) is a database of coding and non-coding sequences according to their pattern of conservation across the other genomes.', None, None, None], [b'NAPP (Database)', None, None, None, None, None], [b'NAPP (Database)', None, None, b'The Nucleic acid phylogenetic profiling (NAPP) is a database of coding and non-coding sequences according to their pattern of conservation across the other genomes.', b'Thing', None], [b'NAPP (Database)', None, None, None, None, b'NAPP:'], [b'Rfam', b'Rfam', b'Rfam is a database containing information about non-coding RNA (ncRNA) families and other structured RNA elements. It is an annotated, open access database originally developed at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute in collaboration with Janelia Farm, and currently hosted at the European Bioinformatics Institute. Rfam is designed to be similar to the Pfam database for annotating protein families.', None, None, None], [b'Rfam', None, None, None, None, None], [b'Rfam', None, None, b"Rfam is a database containing information about non-coding RNA (ncRNA) families and other structured RNA elements. It is an annotated, open access database originally developed at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute in collaboration with Janelia Farm, and currently hosted at the European Bioinformatics Institute. Rfam is designed to be similar to the Pfam database for annotating protein families. Unlike proteins, ncRNAs often have similar secondary structure without sharing much similarity in the primary sequence. Rfam divides ncRNAs into families based on evolution from a common ancestor. Producing multiple sequence alignments (MSA) of these families can provide insight into their structure and function, similar to the case of protein families. These MSAs become more useful with the addition of secondary structure information. Rfam researchers also contribute to Wikipedia's RNA WikiProject.", b'CreativeWork', None], [b'Rfam', None, None, None, None, b'Rfam'], [b'TDR Targets', b'm.0hgq_q3', b'The TDR Targets database is a bioinformatics project that seeks to exploit the availability of diverse genomic and chemical datasets to facilitate the identification and prioritization of drugs and drug targets in neglected disease pathogens. TDR in the name of the database stands from the popular abbreviation for a special programme within the World Health Organization, whose focus is Tropical Disease Research. The project was jumpstarted by funds from this programme (see Special Programme for Research and Training in Tropical Diseases), and the initial focus of the resource was on organisms/diseases of high priority for this Programme.', None, None, None], [b'TDR Targets', None, None, None, None, None], [b'TDR Targets', None, None, b'The TDR Targets database is a bioinformatics project that seeks to exploit the availability of diverse genomic and chemical datasets to facilitate the identification and prioritization of drugs and drug targets in neglected disease pathogens. TDR in the name of the database stands from the popular abbreviation for a special programme within the World Health Organization, whose focus is Tropical Disease Research. The project was jumpstarted by funds from this programme (see Special Programme for Research and Training in Tropical Diseases), and the initial focus of the resource was on organisms/diseases of high priority for this Programme. The database functions both as a website, where researchers can look for information on targets or compounds of interest, or as a tool for prioritization of targets in whole genomes. When prioritizing genes, individual database queries are used to specify one or more desirable or undersirable criteria. The output of each query will be a set of genes (e.g. all genes that produce a lethal phenotype upon a genetic knockout); and different combinations of gene sets can be obtained using standard set operators (UNION, INTERSECTION, SUBTRACTION), including the possibility of weighting genes present in more than one set (this is particularly useful when calculating UNIONs). A number of prioritizations obtained with this tool have been published, demonstrating a number of use cases. The database currently hosts information for 11 bacterial and eukaryotic pathogens, and for > 800,000 bioactive compounds. Information integrated into the TDR Targets database comes from disparate data sources, and therefore cannot be considered a primary data repository. The database has seen 5 major releases since its launch in 2007, which coincided with expansion of phylogenetic coverage (e.g. inclusion of helminth genomes in release 2), incorporation of new functionalities (e.g. chemical similarity and substructure searches in release 4), and/or major data updates to keep the database in sync with upstream data providers.', b'work', None], [b'TDR Targets', None, None, None, None, b'TDR Targets']]