[[b'abstraction', b'label', b'claim'], [b'Hollywood is a RNA splicing database containing data for the splicing of orthologous genes in different species.', b'Hollywood (database)', b'HOLLYWOOD'], [b'Hollywood is a RNA splicing database containing data for the splicing of orthologous genes in different species.', b'Hollywood (database)', None], [b"In bioinformatics the PANTHER (Protein ANalysis THrough Evolutionary Relationships) classification system is a large curated biological database of gene/protein families and their functionally related subfamilies that can be used to classify and identify the function of gene products. PANTHER is part of the Gene Ontology Reference Genome Project designed to classify proteins and their genes for high-throughput analysis. The project consists of both manual curation and bioinformatics algorithms. Proteins are classified according to family (and subfamily), molecular function, biological process and pathway. It is one of the databases feeding into the European Bioinformatics Institute's InterPro database. -- Application of PANTHER --The most important application of PANTHER is to accurately infer the function of uncharacterized genes from any organism based on their evolutionary relationships to genes with known functions. By combining gene function, ontology, pathways and statistical analysis tools, PANTHER enables biologists to analyze large-scale, genome-wide data obtained from the current advance technology including: sequencing, proteomics or gene expression experiments.Shortly, using the data and tools on the PANTHER, users will be able to:", b'PANTHER', b'PANTHER'], [b"In bioinformatics the PANTHER (Protein ANalysis THrough Evolutionary Relationships) classification system is a large curated biological database of gene/protein families and their functionally related subfamilies that can be used to classify and identify the function of gene products. PANTHER is part of the Gene Ontology Reference Genome Project designed to classify proteins and their genes for high-throughput analysis. The project consists of both manual curation and bioinformatics algorithms. Proteins are classified according to family (and subfamily), molecular function, biological process and pathway. It is one of the databases feeding into the European Bioinformatics Institute's InterPro database. -- Application of PANTHER --The most important application of PANTHER is to accurately infer the function of uncharacterized genes from any organism based on their evolutionary relationships to genes with known functions. By combining gene function, ontology, pathways and statistical analysis tools, PANTHER enables biologists to analyze large-scale, genome-wide data obtained from the current advance technology including: sequencing, proteomics or gene expression experiments.Shortly, using the data and tools on the PANTHER, users will be able to:", b'PANTHER', None], [b'ODB (Operon DataBase) is a database of conserved operons in sequenced genomes.', b'Operon database', None], [b'OXDB (Opron DataBase) is az dataase of consered operons in UsequeAncd genomes.', b'Operoz database', b'OkB'], [b'OXDB (Opron DataBase) is az dataase of consered operons in UsequeAncd genomes.', b'Operon databUae', None], [b'Patome is a database of biological sequence data of issued patents and/or published applications', b'Patome', b'Patome'], [b'Patome is a database of biological sequence data of issued patents and/or published applications', b'Patome', None], [b'The Pathogen-Host Interaction database (PHI-base) contains expertly curated molecular and biological information on genes proven to affect the outcome of pathogen-host interactions. The database was created and is maintained by researchers at Rothamsted Research and external collaborators since 2005.', b'PHI-base', b'PHI-base'], [b'The Pathogen-Host Interaction database (PHI-base) contains expertly curated molecular and biological information on genes proven to affect the outcome of pathogen-host interactions. The database was created and is maintained by researchers at Rothamsted Research and external collaborators since 2005.', b'PHI-base', None]]