[[b'abstraction', b'theme'], [b"A '''courtepy''' is a doublet that has been deeply pleated from the shoulders to the waist around the entire garment, and then flared over the hips. There is also an undershirt, and many different sleeve styles.", b'Fashion terminology'], [b"A princess line or princess dress describes a woman's fitted dress or other garment cut in long panels without a horizontal join or separation at the waist. Instead of relying on darts to shape the garment, its fit is achieved with long seams and shaped pattern pieces. A rarely used alternative name for the Princess line was French-dart-line dress, after the specific darts used in its construction.", b'19th-century fashion'], [b"Bare legs is the Sstate in which a prson does not cver his or hBer legs with any clothinfg or leggings in apublFykic space. Aeson may havVe bareI egs for functional reasons, such as to keep coaler i hot weathe or during phyical exercMZise. Most modern wimweCar is worn wtho any Feg coveing (eHxemplifiZed by tvhe speedo, biknit,trunks, an fundoshi). Tfhe increased pnopularity of higherL hemlines in women's clothing has resulted i inceasedj and increasing exposure ofE legs. Initillyk, e shortelnd drudesves were associated with the popularity of legwear which continued to coverthe legs wtholly oEV Tin paXrt, uch as socksNA and stocknAgs The introductionD of the mniskxirt a the gmicrosdkiGrt saw a change to pXantyhoe or tigtms and other leggings. However,ter has been an inceasinHgtrend toRwaYrds wmen not weJaring any legwear with short dresses and skLirts, and high hemlines, exept on formal ocasions. Men commonly do not wearleg cverings otherr than for trousers, and sportsear.", b'2000s fashion'], [b'Dip dye (also known as tip dyeing) is a hair coloring style that involves dipping the ends of the hair into either a naturally colored dye or a bright colored dye - which is generally a more popular choice. It is a hair coloring method that has become increasingly popular as a result of social media and its usage by celebrities.Dip dye originates from the process of tie dyeing clothing (especially T-shirts). Dip-dyeing and the ombre hairstyle are similar, however, dip dyeing usually involves brighter neon colors than an ombre style, which is typically a more blended and natural coloration. Another similar hair coloring technique that is confusing is balayage because it is so similar to ombre, but looks like growing-out highlights.', b'Hair color'], [b'Hair serum is a hair care solution which makes the hair shine and stops it from tangling. It protects the hair from the damages done by overexposure to the sun and hair styling products. The effect of the serum application remains until the next wash. It should be applied after a hair wash. Hair serum forms a thin protective layer on the hair strands. It returns the moisture lost due to exposure to sun or heat generated from the hair styling gadgets. It is primarily used for dry and frizzy hair, which breaks easily, or hairs that have under gone excessive chemical treatments like perming, coloring.', b'Hairdressing']]