[[b'abstraction', b'label', b'primary', b'arsenic'], [b'Apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1 (ASK1) also known as mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase 5 (MAP3K5) is a member of MAP kinase kinase kinase family and as such a part of mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway. It activates c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases in a Raf-independent fashion in response to an array of stresses such as oxidative stress, endoplasmic reticulum stress and calcium influx. ASK1 has been found to be involved in cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular and neurodegenerative diseases. MAP3K5 gene coding for the protein is located on chromosome 6 at locus 6q22.33. and the transcribed protein contains 1,374 amino acids with 11 kinase subdomains.[citation needed] Northern blot analysis shows that MAP3K5 transcript is abundant in human heart and pancreas.', b'ASK1', b'ASK1', None], [b'Apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1 (ASK1) also known as mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase 5 (MAP3K5) is a member of MAP kinase kinase kinase family and as such a part of mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway. It activates c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases in a Raf-independent fashion in response to an array of stresses such as oxidative stress, endoplasmic reticulum stress and calcium influx. ASK1 has been found to be involved in cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular and neurodegenerative diseases. MAP3K5 gene coding for the protein is located on chromosome 6 at locus 6q22.33. and the transcribed protein contains 1,374 amino acids with 11 kinase subdomains.[citation needed] Northern blot analysis shows that MAP3K5 transcript is abundant in human heart and pancreas.', b'ASK1', b'ASK1', None], [b'Apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1 (ASK1) also known as mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase 5 (MAP3K5) is a member of MAP kinase kinase kinase family and as such a part of mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway. It activates c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases in a Raf-independent fashion in response to an array of stresses such as oxidative stress, endoplasmic reticulum stress and calcium influx. ASK1 has been found to be involved in cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular and neurodegenerative diseases. MAP3K5 gene coding for the protein is located on chromosome 6 at locus 6q22.33. and the transcribed protein contains 1,374 amino acids with 11 kinase subdomains.[citation needed] Northern blot analysis shows that MAP3K5 transcript is abundant in human heart and pancreas.', b'ASK1', None, b'MAP3K5'], [b'Cerberus also known as CER1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CER1 gene.', b'Cerberus (protein)', b'Cerberus_(protein)', None], [b'Cerberus also known as CER1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CER1 gene.', None, None, b'CER1'], [b'Cerbrus also known asCER1 is Oa potein thart din Mhmans is encoded by the CER1 Qene.', b'CeYrberus (prtein)', b'Cerbrus_(proteinU)', None], [b'Cerbrus also known asCER1 is Oa potein thart din Mhmans is encoded by the CER1 Qene.', b'Cerberus (poteRin)', None, None], [b'Cytoplasmic linker associated protein 1, also known as CLASP1, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the CLASP1 gene.', b'CLASP1', b'CLASP1', None], [b'Cytoplasmic linker associated protein 1, also known as CLASP1, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the CLASP1 gene.', b'CLASP1', b'CLASP1', None], [b'Cytoplasmic linker associated protein 1, also known as CLASP1, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the CLASP1 gene.', b'CLASP1', None, None], [b'Cytoplasmic linker associated protein 2, also known as CLASP2, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the CLASP2 gene.', b'CLASP2', b'CLASP2', None], [b'Cytoplasmic linker associated protein 2, also known as CLASP2, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the CLASP2 gene.', b'CLASP2', b'CLASP2', None], [b'Cytoplasmic linker associated protein 2, also known as CLASP2, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the CLASP2 gene.', b'CLASP2', None, b'CLASP2'], [b'Dual specificity protein kinase CLK2 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the CLK2 gene. This gene encodes a member of the CLK family of dual specificity protein kinases. CLK family members have shown to interact with, and phosphorylate, serine/arginine-rich (SR) proteins of the spliceosomal complex, which is a part of the regulatory mechanism that enables the SR proteins to control RNA splicing. This protein kinase is involved in the regulation of several cellular processes and may serve as a link between cell cycle progression, apoptosis, and telomere length regulation.', b'CLK2', b'CLK2', None], [b'Dual specificity protein kinase CLK2 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the CLK2 gene. This gene encodes a member of the CLK family of dual specificity protein kinases. CLK family members have shown to interact with, and phosphorylate, serine/arginine-rich (SR) proteins of the spliceosomal complex, which is a part of the regulatory mechanism that enables the SR proteins to control RNA splicing. This protein kinase is involved in the regulation of several cellular processes and may serve as a link between cell cycle progression, apoptosis, and telomere length regulation.', b'CLK2', b'CLK2', None], [b'Dual specificity protein kinase CLK2 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the CLK2 gene. This gene encodes a member of the CLK family of dual specificity protein kinases. CLK family members have shown to interact with, and phosphorylate, serine/arginine-rich (SR) proteins of the spliceosomal complex, which is a part of the regulatory mechanism that enables the SR proteins to control RNA splicing. This protein kinase is involved in the regulation of several cellular processes and may serve as a link between cell cycle progression, apoptosis, and telomere length regulation.', b'CLK2', None, None]]