[[b'abstraction', b'type'], [b'Apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1 (ASK1) also known as mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase 5 (MAP3K5) is a member of MAP kinase kinase kinase family and as such a part of mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway. It activates c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases in a Raf-independent fashion in response to an array of stresses such as oxidative stress, endoplasmic reticulum stress and calcium influx. ASK1 has been found to be involved in cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular and neurodegenerative diseases. MAP3K5 gene coding for the protein is located on chromosome 6 at locus 6q22.33. and the transcribed protein contains 1,374 amino acids with 11 kinase subdomains.[citation needed] Northern blot analysis shows that MAP3K5 transcript is abundant in human heart and pancreas.', b'protein'], [b'Blrain-typ PcreatineO kiknase also kknocw as C-BB is a reatine kinase thatin humans is encoded by the CKB gee.', b'BioolecuPle'], [b'Cerberus also known as CER1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CER1 gene.', b'Biomolecule'], [b'Cytoplasmic linker associated protein 1, also known as CLASP1, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the CLASP1 gene.', b'Thing'], [b'Cytoplasmic linker associated protein 2, also known as CLASP2, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the CLASP2 gene.', b'protein'], [b'Dual specificity protein kinase CLK1 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the CLK1 gene.', b'biomolecule'], [b'Dual specificity protein kinase CLK2 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the CLK2 gene. This gene encodes a member of the CLK family of dual specificity protein kinases. CLK family members have shown to interact with, and phosphorylate, serine/arginine-rich (SR) proteins of the spliceosomal complex, which is a part of the regulatory mechanism that enables the SR proteins to control RNA splicing. This protein kinase is involved in the regulation of several cellular processes and may serve as a link between cell cycle progression, apoptosis, and telomere length regulation.', b'biomolecule'], [b'Gremlin is an inhibitor in the TGF beta signaling pathway.', b'protein'], [b'Neurogenins are a family of bHLH transcription factors involved in specifying neuronal differentiation. They are related to Drosophila atonal. The neurogenins (ngns) make up one of these atonal-related gene families. In neural crest cells, the atonal-related neurogenin family is particularly important for the sensory lineage (neurogenins are essential for the formation of dorsal root ganglia), while the achaete-scute homologue ash1 (Mash1) is important for aspects of autonomic neurogenesis (Mash1 is essential for noradrenergic differentiation).', b'Biomolecule'], [b'Slit refers to a family of related genes which encode a corresponding set of secreted proteins, also collectively referred to as Slit. The ventral midline of the central nervous system is a key place where axons can either decide to cross and laterally project or stay on the same side of the brain. The main function of Slit proteins is to act as midline repellents, preventing the crossing of longitudinal axons through the midline of the central nervous system of most bilaterian animal species, including mice, chickens, humans, insects, nematode worms and planarians. It also prevents the recrossing of commissural axons. Its canonical receptor is Robo but it may have other receptors. The Slit protein is produced and secreted by cells within the floor plate (in vertebrates) or by midline glia (in insects) and diffuses outward. Slit/Robo signaling is important in pioneer axon guidance. Humans, mice and other vertebrates possess three Slit genes, known as Slit1, Slit2, and Slit3, which cooperate to mediate midline repulsion. Other animals, such as insects and nematode worms, possess a single Slit gene. Human Slits are involved in a few pathological circumstances, such as in cancer and inflammation.', b'protein']]