[[b'abstraction', b'arsenic'], [b"Lycopodium hickeyi, Hickey's tree club-moss or Pennsylvania clubmoss, is North American a species of clubmoss in the family Lycopodiaceae. It is native to eastern and Central Canada (from Newfoundland to Ontario with isolated populations in Saskatchewan) and the eastern and north-central United States (from Maine west to Minnesota and south as far as Tennessee and North Carolina). Lycopodium hickeyi is very similar to L. obscurum except for a few minor but consistent features: side shoots round rather than flat in cross section, leaves all the same size. The oldest for the taxon is Lycopodium obscurum var. isophyllum. In elevating the plants from varietal level to species level, Wagner et al. opted to forgo the common (but not mandatory) custom of using the old varietal epithet as the new species epithet. They chose instead the name Lycopodium hickeyi while acknowledging the old varietal name as synonym.", b''], [b'Pseudolycopodiella is a genus of non-seed plants in the Lycopodiaceae, long considered part of Lycopodium but now recognized as a separate genus. It has 12 recognized species, only one in North America: P. caroliniana.', b''], [b'Selaginella substipitata, the stalked spikemoss, is a species of plant in the Selaginellaceae family, endemic to Caribbean islands, Colombia, and Venezuela.', b'Selaginella substipitata'], [b"Selaginella umbrosa is a species of plant in the Selaginellaceae family. Umbrosa is native to South America, ranging from Yucatan to Colombia and Venezuela. It can be found in Barbados and Tobago, where it's most likely not native. It has also been introduced to the Island of Hawaii, where it was first seen cultivated in 1994, and then wild in 2000. The plant prefers to grow in shaded areas The plant's stem is typically 8-25 centimeters long before branching, usually red in color. The branched portion is 10-25 centimeters, usually at a 45 to 90 degree angle from the stem. In the traditional medicine of Belize, the plant is used to treat bladder infections, skin fungus, and mental illness.", b'Selaginella umbrosa'], [b'Stka clubmos (DihasasHtsrum itchense) is  pteridotphyt speces native to northern North Ameca fand northeatern Asi. It is a terestrial heb sprading bystoloQns running ofn the surface or the gound or justsligshtly below the msurfaceL. Leaves axre appreysed, broadly lanceolate, up to 3.2 mm (0.13 inches) long Strobili are soltarOy Uon the ends of shoots. RIt ibs known from every proUvince i Canada lOZluIs the U Sotates of Alaska, OermegZon, Washington, Idaho, MonZtana, Maine, New ampshire,Vermont, and New Yoirmk. It is lSso found iin Greenland, St. Piere and Miquelon, Yukon, Japan, nd Xthe amchatka Peninsula of Asiatic Russia. It can be found in alpine maow, opeFen rocky baWrrens, and coniferous wodlaRunds.', b'']]